local-zone: "188affiliates.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "accesstrade.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ad-loupe.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "addesigner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "admarketplace.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adnety.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adplus.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adpop-1.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adreach.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.d21.media" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.indosatooredoo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.telkomsel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adsbingo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adsimg.kompas.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adskom.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adslop.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adstarsmedia.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "alertpay.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ampclicks.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "baliadv.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bellaads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "berangkasilmu.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "brand.ad" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cdnasiaclub.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs2.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "csf.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "digiads.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "etoads.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "forumiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "groupiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "gudangbanner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "halal.ad" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "herdethi.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "hitadsmedia.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ibnads.xl.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklan-laris.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbarisgratis.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbarismu.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanblogger.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbogor.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklandenpasar.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklangratis.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanhemat.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanhoki.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanoke.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklantelevisi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklantext.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanumum.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "indoadsnet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "indobanner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istana-impian.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian1.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian2.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian3.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jagopromo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jasaiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "klikajadeh.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lokeriklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "luckyads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mesiniklan.andipublisher.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "offdeck.telkomsel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "offerjuice.me" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "onclkds.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "openadserving.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "padssup.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "paidforfree.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pasangiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "paypopup.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pc3ads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pondokiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "popclck.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "promotioncamp.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "props.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "propsid.b-cdn.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "publish.web.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sanglah.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sarapbeh.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "see-work.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "serbada.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "shiokambing2.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sitti.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sumberiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "teliad.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "thapi.aedi.ai" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "theclickers.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tinggalklik.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "topklik.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "topsurfer.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "traditionallyobjectlessblinked.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "u-ad.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "u-on.eu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "uadexchange.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "useads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "webiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "yesads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "64p3am9x95ct.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "9eb10b7a3d04a.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "a63t9o1azf.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "abrts.pro" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adeumssp.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "afbcashidr.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "auredzeon.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "craydark.pw" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "curoax.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dairouzy.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "doathair.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "edomz.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "flexterkita.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "fnasmpygwa.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "gbrrrxbodqdlq.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iwtserve.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jillsclickcorner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "midgerelativelyhoax.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mousheen.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "octafx.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "olmsoneenh.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pheersie.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "qprskl.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "realwap.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ueuodgnrhb.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "vkwaeo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "wpiohdquqo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "wpiohdquqo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "xihubo.click" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "yllix.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "zukxd6fkxqn.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "c-stat.eu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs1.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ktrackdata.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "moneyfree.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajatraffic.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "track.aptitudemedia.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "track.zerofriend.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tracker.beritagar.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tracker.lazada.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "trackingclick.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "traffic-monetizer.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "trafficfactory.biz" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "172.105.216.174" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "32redpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "88togel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "actionpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "afapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "afapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "agenjudibolabet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "agenjudiresmi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "agentogel4d.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "allvegaspoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "anaktogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "areataruhan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "arenajudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "asiapoker777.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "astonwin.org" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bandarjuditogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bbm88.org" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bebasjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "belitogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "beritaagenjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "biotogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "blindbetpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "blogjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bursajudibola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "caramainjudibola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "caramenangtaruhanbola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "caramenangtogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "casinoclubpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "casinopokercoin.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cdpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: ".gif" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cds.bet" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "celebpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "chilipoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "clickadu.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "coltpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "coolhandpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cyberjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dafapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "daftarjudibola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "daftarjudicasino.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "daftarpokeronline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "daspoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "delapantogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "deltatoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dewajudionline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dewitogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dunlop.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dunlop.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dutatoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "emputogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "europoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "everypoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "feltpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "gentingpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "goldentigerpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "goldentoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "goldtoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "hokijudi99.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "hokitogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "homepokergames.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "hotpokerbonus.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "houseoftoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "inipoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "investopedia.today" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ipoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jayapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jtogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judiagenonline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judibebas.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judibola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judibolaterbesar.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judionlinebet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "judionlinepoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "k7poker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "kedaijudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "kingtogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "launchpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lazacasino.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lazacasino.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lintastogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lotospoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "luckyriverpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mansionpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "markastogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "masterjudi.blog.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "masterjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "maxbetqq.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mestresdopoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mintedpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "misterindo.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mistertogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mitrapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mobilepokerclub.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "muchospoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "naga-poker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "nagapoker.biz" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "nagapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "nagapoker88.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "nagatogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "obobet.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "online5poker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "onlineactionpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "onlinepoker66.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "onlinetogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pacificpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pandujudionline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pasangtogelonline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "planettoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "playpokeronline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "playwinpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "poker4ever.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerace.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerbonuscodes.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokercc.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerchipsonline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerheaven.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerihuone.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerinside.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerkings.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerlistings.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerlizard.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokermira.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokern.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokernetonline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerplayerus.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerrewards.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokersites.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokersource.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerstop.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokersyte.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokerupdate.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pokervip.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pondoktogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "prediksitoptogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pusatjudibola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pusattaruhan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajapoker88.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajatogel.biz" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajatogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajatoto.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "recentpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "redstarpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rgobet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rivapoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rumah-judi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rumahtaruhan88.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "semarangtogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sgptogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sharkpokertour.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "situsagenjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "situstaruhan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "situstogelonline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "star88win.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sunpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "surgajudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "switchpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "taruhanbetting.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "taruhancasino.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "taruhanku.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "taruhanolahraga.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "taruhansepakbola.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "texaspokercc.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "theedgepoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel2.xtgem.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel22.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel2d.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel4shared.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel66.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togel99.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelangka.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelcenter.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelgame.150m.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelholic.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togeljakarta.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelm88.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelsemarang.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togeltogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togeltop.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "togelwin.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tokojudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "toptogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totalpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "toto13.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totobet4d.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totojitu1.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totojitu2.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totomaster.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "totos4d.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "truepoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "undiantogel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "videopoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "warungpoker.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "webjudionline.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "webjuditerpercaya.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "websitejudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "wigobet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "xjudi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "yourpokercash.com" always_nxdomain
