local-zone: "188affiliates.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "accesstrade.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ad-loupe.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "addesigner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "admarketplace.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adnety.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adplus.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adpop-1.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adreach.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.d21.media" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.indosatooredoo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ads.telkomsel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adsbingo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adsimg.kompas.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adskom.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adslop.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adstarsmedia.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "alertpay.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ampclicks.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "baliadv.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "bellaads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "berangkasilmu.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "brand.ad" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cdnasiaclub.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs2.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "csf.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "digiads.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "etoads.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "forumiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "groupiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "gudangbanner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "halal.ad" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "herdethi.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "hitadsmedia.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ibnads.xl.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklan-laris.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbarisgratis.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbarismu.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanblogger.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanbogor.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklandenpasar.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklangratis.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanhemat.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanhoki.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanoke.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklantelevisi.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklantext.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iklanumum.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "indoadsnet.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "indobanner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istana-impian.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian1.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian2.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "istanaimpian3.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jagopromo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jasaiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "klikajadeh.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "lokeriklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "luckyads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mesiniklan.andipublisher.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "offdeck.telkomsel.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "offerjuice.me" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "onclkds.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "openadserving.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "padssup.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "paidforfree.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pasangiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "paypopup.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pc3ads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pondokiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "popclck.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "promotioncamp.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "props.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "propsid.b-cdn.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "publish.web.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sanglah.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sarapbeh.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "see-work.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "serbada.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "shiokambing2.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sitti.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "sumberiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "teliad.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "thapi.aedi.ai" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "theclickers.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tinggalklik.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "topklik.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "topsurfer.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "traditionallyobjectlessblinked.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "u-ad.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "u-on.eu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "uadexchange.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "useads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "webiklan.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "yesads.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "64p3am9x95ct.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "9eb10b7a3d04a.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "a63t9o1azf.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "abrts.pro" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "adeumssp.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "afbcashidr.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "auredzeon.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "craydark.pw" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "curoax.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "dairouzy.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "doathair.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "edomz.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "flexterkita.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "fnasmpygwa.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "gbrrrxbodqdlq.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "iwtserve.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "jillsclickcorner.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "midgerelativelyhoax.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "mousheen.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "octafx.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "olmsoneenh.info" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "pheersie.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "qprskl.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "realwap.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ueuodgnrhb.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "vkwaeo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "wpiohdquqo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "wpiohdquqo.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "xihubo.click" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "yllix.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "zukxd6fkxqn.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "c-stat.eu" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "cfs1.uzone.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "ktrackdata.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "moneyfree.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "rajatraffic.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "track.aptitudemedia.co" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "track.zerofriend.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tracker.beritagar.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "tracker.lazada.co.id" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "trackingclick.net" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "traffic-monetizer.com" always_nxdomain
local-zone: "trafficfactory.biz" always_nxdomain
